DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
So, ya chicken?
Ahhh- another lackey of Masquerade's?
Yeah, this is starting to get old...
But just for fun, let me show him who's boss!
No way, I call dibs on this creep!
Hey, no fair!
Dan, wait!
Field Open!
Come on, Drago... Defense!
Must... resist...
Drago!
Hold on!
No fair!
You're butting in, Dan!
You just got lucky, that's all!
I'll be back, ya freaks!
So I'm guessing you beat him?
Way to go, Dan!
I had total confidence you could do it!
Ah, it was nothin'...
I had him on the ropes...
Dan, no!
Are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Wake up, Dan!
Man, that was way up there on the freaky scale...
I remember I beat the dude, but after that,
it's a total blank...
Oh that was so hilarious, Dan!
The way that wanna-be Brawler ran with his tail
between his legs!
Well, it is kinda your own fault,
Mr... Butt-Inski!
I knew this would turn into a snoozefest!
I'm just lucky that Drago was tough enough to take
that chump out when he did!
According to my data,
we will face much stronger opponents...
I might suggest our strategy should reflect this
in any future battles...
In English...
Meaning a Bakugan is at his peak
when all of its six attributes
are in perfect alignment...
Dan's Bakugan is Drago and it's a Pyrus...
a Fire Attribute...
Yours is a Haos...
a light Attribute...
And my Preyas is classified as an Aquos...
That's Water.
But the problem is, combined,
we don't have enough Attributes to fight
at full power...
Add on Julie's which is Subterra,
the Earth Attribute...
That means we're two short.
Darkus, with it's Darkness Attribute
and the Wind, Ventus.
Hey, guess who has Ventus!
Shun!
Correct, Dan...
Right now, Masquerade is stronger than us...
I suggest we align ourselves with Shun
to increase our power and defeat Masquerade.
Brilliant!
With Shun on our team,
we'll be a force to be reckoned with!
No one will even come close to beating us!
Not to mention Shun's a real hunk!
Right Dan?
This is the most impeccable proposal
I believe we have ever engineered!
What do you think, Dan?
No!
But Dan, we need all the help we can get!
Or maybe you're...
\u266a jealous...
I am not!
Besides, I don't need any help!
From him or anybody else, including you, Runo!
You got that?
Yep, you're jealous...
DAN: Girls! Who needs 'em!
MARUCHO: Boy, if Dan finds out what we're doing,
he is going to be sooo mad!
RUNO: Relax, Marucho.
We have to ask Shun to help us.
And trust me, Dan will thank us!
MARUCHO: I hope so...
I wonder why Dan is so dead set against Shun?
I remember they used to be the best of buds.
They were even the ones
who came up with all the Bakugan rules...
Wow!
That's almost interesting!
Call me crazy, but I thought for sure
Dan would want to hook up with Shun again...
Look, Runo.
I believe that's Shun's house down there...
According to my research, the Shun Family owns
the largest estate west of Bay City.
RUNO: Big bucks and good looks!
Hello Shun!
Runo, we're here on business...
Besides, what if Shun decides
he's not interested in joining us?
Our whole mission would be a failure!
And worse, we could lose our Bakugan!
Quit being such a worry wort!
Now let's get this over with!
Hey Shun!
That was fast...
I wouldn't want to be the one who has to vacuum this place...
You think anyone's at home?
No clue.
But let's keep looking...
This place reminds me of your house, Marucho.
One big over-sized mansion
with never enough bathrooms...
[rattling]
What'd I do?
Let's get outta here!
[screaming]
This house is one big booby trap!
You can say that again!
[voice laughing]
Well, well, what have we here?
A couple of snoopy little kids who have the gall
to break into my house!
If you two little whipper-snappers think
you're smarter than me...
Then you have got another think coming!
Ya got any clue on the old dude in the sweat pants?
That's Shun's grandfather
who used to be a famous Ninja Warrior
back when there used to be Ninja Warriors.
You're kiddin'?
State your business here!
Or prepare to face my...
Wooden stick!
Please, put down the stick!
We come in peace!
Yeah, we're friends of your grandson Shun...
W-We just want to see him...
My grandson?
You say you're friends?
My name is Runo and this is Marucho...
Hey, what are you doing?
Trying to give me a wedgie or something?
See?
Show this to Shun and he'll explain everything to you.
No!
Please! What did I do to you?
Oh yes...
You're what they call Bakugan Brawlers...
I know all about you...
And you're here to get Shun
to play this silly game again?
Well yeah, that's kinda what we were thinking...
That's what I thought!
He's not interested!
Now leave the premises at once, intruders!
Please, please, please!
Can we just see him for five minutes?
Please?
You're starting to get on my nerves, kid!
Now beat it!
This isn't working.
But I've got an idea...
Okay grandpa, if you refuse to bring Shun to us,
we'll just go find him ourselves then!
Yeah. And just one thing.
You mind giving me back my Bakugan?
Sure, what do I care?
Not again!
[coughing]
Didn't you hear me?
Leave!
[screaming]
PREYAS: Where are we?
TIGRERRA: A battlefield...
I accidentally opened the field...
So, do you guys wanna battle?
Are you nuts?
Wait a minute, I've got an idea.
You stopped time when Shun's Grandpa
was about to attack, right?
All we have to do is find the exact spot
where we were standing!
I think I catch your drift...
Yeah, let's do it!
I do believe we were standing right about here.
Okay, we'll just move over here.
Are you ready?
You got it.
Field... Close!
This is going to leave a mark...
Oh honey bun...
Did you put the cat out?
[laughter]
[\u266a]
Shun!
Hey Shun!
We found you!
I was beginning to get a little worried back there...
It is so nice to see you again!
Why did you come here?
We know it's short notice Shun,
but we kind of need your help.
I don't know if you know this,
but there's this really freaky dude
who calls himself Masquerade and he's been...
well, sending kids' Bakugan
to the Doom Dimension forever!
Yeah, and we have to stop him!
He's challenged us to a battle
and before we agree,
we need you and your Bakugan to boost our power.
Without you, we all could lose our Bakugan!
So what'd ya say Shun, you in or out?
Well?
Sorry, I don't play on a team...
Now leave...
Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
Back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Now what?
Shun, open up!
Didn't I tell you kids?
My grandson doesn't want anything to do with you two!
Now skedaddle, before I get all Ninja on you!
[laughter]
Oh man, this old creep's giving me the creeps!
C'mon Shun, let us in!
Please Shun, open up!
If you don't, then all the Bakugan rules
that you and Dan created will be destroyed forever!
You just gotta let us in!
At least let us take you on in a battle!
Shun!
SKYRESS: Are you sure you want them to leave, Shun?
If they do, I don't think they'll ever come back again...
They came a long way just to talk to you ...
Yeah...
Oh Shun...
It's okay, Skyress...
If you're worried about me, don't.
Everything will be fine...
You must stop running away from what's in your heart.
After all, there will come a day when you will have
to face up to it.
And this just may be that time...
Boy, I can't believe what happened back there...
I know.
First Dan blows us off...
And then Shun doesn't want anything to do with us.
If there's one thing I'll never figure, it's boys!
Hey Runo...
Think we should go back and try again?
S-Shun...
Did you change your mind and decide to join up with us?
Only if you can defeat me...
Sounds like a blast!
I'm up for it!
No, let me, Runo.
I have a better chance
pitting my Aquos against his Ventus.
You gotta trust me on this one.
I'm ready when you're ready...
I'll take you both on.
You can't be serious?
Yes! Field... Open!
He doesn't know what he's doing...
he's crazy...
Two against one!
He doesn't stand a chance!
Gate Card...
Set!
MARUCHO: Okay, I'll go first!
Bakugan Brawl!
Terrorclaw Stand!
Falconeer Stand!
Okay, Bakugan! Gate Card Open!
Ability Card Activate!
Tornado Pandemonium!
Im-Impossible!
This isn't over yet!
BAKU-POD: Saurus 290 Gs.
But that's not enough Gs!
And that's exactly what he's thinking!
All I have to do is throw down my Saurus character card
and double my power!
BAKU-POD: Falconeer... 320 Gs.
He didn't attack us!
We've got to be careful and come up with a plan, Marucho...
I got it!
You know, crazy as it sounds,
it just might work!
Okay Limulus, game on!
Bakugan Brawl!
Limulus Stand!
BAKU-POD: Limulus has entered the battle.
No other data available.
We're looking good, Marucho!
Now time for phase two!
You got it!
Ability Card Activate!
Holograph Divide!
With this defense shield, Limulus' power
will increase as the battle intensifies!
That's because he'll absorb the power
used against him!
And that makes our plan virtually unbeatable!
This is so cool!
Oh yeah?
BAKU-POD: Falconeer Two has entered battle.
Didn't see that coming!
Back to the drawing board...
TIGRERRA: Well...
looks like it's my turn.
What?
What are you saying, Tigrerra?
Shun's Bakugans are on the verge of attacking.
I know their moves.
Trust me.
Atta a boy, Tigrerra!
You get in there and show 'em who's boss!
This just might work!
Let's do it!
Okay Tigrerra, we're all counting on you!
Gate card Set!
BAKU-POD: Introducing new player.
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
If I need you...
are you there, Skyress?
SKYRESS: Yes.
This is it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Skyress Stand!
What is that?
The Ventus Skyress!
Ability Activate!
Winds of Fury!
BAKU-POD: Tigrerra Power Decrease by 100 Gs.
Oh no!
C'mon Tigrerra!
You can't quit now!
You've gotta get back in there!
We can't lose!
My battle is ended...
Is it over?
Completely...
And that includes Limulus and Saurus!
Shun's Winds of Fury Attack knocked us out
with one blow!
Unreal!
He launched his Skyress last so his Falconeer's
could run interference!
Hey Runo, I just figured out his attack!
PREYAS: Yeah!
But hang in there Runo, it's not over
until the pleasantly plump lady sings!
Yeah!
You mean...
we still have a chance?
Now we know his move, we can counter it and beat him!
PREYAS: What he said...
We need a surprise attack.
We need you, Preyas!
You're our last hope!
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
I heard there's a little soiree happening
and I thought I'd just...
pop in and play!
Shall we begin?
Now what do I do?
BAKU-POD: Preyas at 300 Gs.
Falconeer remains stable at 320 Gs.
This doesn't look good...
Don't worry Marucho, I've got it figured out...
You sure you know what you're doing?
I have to get Tigrerra into the battle
to help Preyas.
But Runo, once a Bakugan loses in a battle,
the rules clearly state you can't use it again!
Yeah, but I think I found a loophole...
Just leave it to me, 'kay?
But here's what you can do...
You keep Shun's Skyress busy with Preyas!
Yeah, sure...
Are you ready?
Gate Card Open!
Positive Delta!
You've gotta be kidding!
Oh crud!
Change of Attribute!
Darkus!
Ta da!
What?
Attribute Change?
No way!
BAKU-POD: Typhoon Power Reduction to 120 Gs.
But how?
This is soo cool, Runo.
Shun's Positive Delta steals power
away from Water, Light and Fire Attributes.
BUT, when it's attacked by Wind, Earth and Darkus,
it works in reverse!
In other words, my Preyas is sapping Shun's Typhoon dry!
Oh yeah!
That's because Preyas changed his attribute!
Way to go, Preyas!
That was sweet!
Yep, it's a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it!
All right! Incoming!
So, there is a Bakugan who change his own Attribute...
BAKU-POD: Skyress enters Battle.
Whoa!
Okay Griffon...
Bakugan Brawl!
Ability Card Activate!
Venomous Beast Torrent Attack!
Whoa...
Nice job!
TIGRERRA: Thank you, for giving me a second chance...
I didn't realize you could morph your Bakugan...
That's how you got Tigrerra into the battle again.
RUNO: Let's talk about that later, Marucho.
We still have one more battle to win...
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Water and Wind Combine!
RUNO: Ability Card Activate!
Savage Edge!
Gate Card Open!
All right Skyress, let's lock and load!
BAKU-POD: Accessing strength.
Skyress Power Surge to 720 Gs.
Preyas Increase to 400 Gs.
Tigrerra to 340 Gs.
And once you add that up we're at 740 Gs!
We are the champions! We are the champions!
Let's finish this!
Shun!
Don't worry Skyress, I still haven't played my ace yet!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Storm!
BAKU-POD: Skyress Power Increase detected.
Combined reading at 920 Gs.
We're in trouble...
Game over...
...You lose our bet...
B-But...
Oh no...
Hey, this is Dan.
Coming up on Bakugan.
I find out Masquerade is ranked number one
while Shun has dropped down to 6th!
And Shun is one unhappy camper!
Then he finds out his mother is sick so,
he decides to quit playing Bakugan!
But I've got a sneaky little plan
to get him back into the game!
Trust me, this one's going to be a real wild west showdown
and you'll have to watch to see who wins!
Hey, be there!
Bakugan Brawl!